Are you dependent on him?
Yes, Rett said this person is very trustworthy.
And he is very loyal to me.
No matter what I do
He always climaxes for me.
He will take care of you like that.
It's because I gave him a re-interview before.
Unlimited black card
The person who really helps you is me.
Why are you suddenly so angry?
Are you jealous?
You ate the vinegar from the thunder head column, right?
Before, someone said I only needed someone I liked
Will divorce me immediately.
You.
Do you like Reidu?
So...
If I say yes
What will you do?
Will you immediately divorce me?
No, because no one is better than me.
More suitable for you
So if not
Let's first try talking about love or something.
But in love
We must be loyal to each other.
Can you talk to Reiter?
Keep your distance.
Great lady.
The second master is preparing to attack the vice president's property.
He dares